Eagle Sranegari jobs Exchange since the early 1998 E.C the company has got different awards from government with clients successfully. it works on job information by gathering from different sources all job information in one search .within these years 1.5 million   jobseekers and 20,123 employer get the services. It is the premier job information service in Ethiopia, but now it has grown from a basement operation printout to electronic media.
We have an extensive database of permanent, freelancing and contract job postings that presents excellent opportunities for clients. Whether you are looking for your first job or hoping to further your career growth with a more rewarding job, we have the solutions for you. 

To receive  job alert on five in one . Your confirmation and job alert starts immediately after registration!
   - Job search will become easy to Eagle Sranegari, you can request for job details at your own time with your address.
   - Even if you're exhausted every source you can think to try just one more
   - Eagle Sranegari  is the excellent sources of any job information 
   - can save over 95% of your time and many take your advantage 
Joblessness is our enemy
You may think "I don't have a job!", but you do. When you're out of a job, your full-time job is to find your next job. No matter what you do, don't sit around and do nothing. Don't allow the gift of time you've been given to find a job be squandered by doing nothing.

There are three big reasons to treat your job hunt like a job:
You'll increase your chance of success
You'll fight off the depression of being jobless
You're going to get asked for interviews 

You may think there are no jobs to be found, but there are. You just haven't found them yet. By checking job boards, different magazines and access job on internet doesn't west your time.
Talk to everyone you can. Even if you've exhausted every source you can think of, try for just one more. Look back through your hunt logs and find a target you haven't checked in a few months. Wherever you pursue, look for a new option you haven't explored yet. You can't get a job from a contact that you don't make.
One excellent source of information you may not have considered is your Eagle sranegar. But anything is better than doing nothing. Chance favours the prepared mind, and the more time you spend working, using the Internet, the more likely you are to stumble across the job you need, and maybe even one you will love.
Treat your days without a job as if you do have a job, and your job is to find a job, and improve your skills. Get to the office at on time, even if your office is just the where ever, take as your job like normally would, and then keep working.
What can you do besides look for jobs? Take advantage of the time off to start all those projects you've just never found the time for. You've been given the time, so use it!

Teach yourself something new related to your job. Always wanted to learn a new things, but you told yourself you never had the time? Now you have the time.
Our aim is to provide a comprehensive directory of job information  openings, database of job seekers, employees and keeping record of all employed employees in Ethiopia.
We offer listing service to every job agency and companies. We are not recruitment agency, but a MUST for you and i to be ready at all time to receive job alerts on your email& phone. As long as you have a phone that is SMS enabled, then you can send your CV from anywhere in the country.
To get started, simply use the Up-hand pane of the site, either to subscribe as employee or job seeker or searching for a particular discipline as employer of labour. 
Good luck with you - we hope you find the site useful! 

BY EAGLE JOBS PERSONNEL HOUSE PLC



